[Kommander] MinIO attributions in download locations (#4483)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/install/air-gapped/catalog/index.md

    wget "https://downloads.d2iq.com/dkp/v2.2.0/dkp-catalog-applications-image-bundle-v2.2.0.tar.gz" -O catalog-applications-image-bundle.tar.gz
    ```

> 1.  Unpack the bundle and the nested bundle within in a location where you can load and push the images to your private Docker registry.

Reviewer: As above, please confirm with eng exactly what this step should say.

> 1.  Unpack the bundle and the nested bundle within in a location where you can load and push the images to your private Docker registry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  See the `NOTICES.txt` file for the 3rd party software attributions and place `kommander-image-bundle-v2.2.0.tar.gz` and `dkp-catalog-applications-image-bundle-v2.2.0.tar.gz` bundles within in a location where you can load and push the images to your private Docker registry.
```

Reviewer 2: Change
```
wget "https://downloads.d2iq.com/dkp/v2.2.0/kommander-image-bundle-v2.2.0.tar.gz" -O kommander-image-bundle.tar.gz
```
to
```
wget "https://downloads.d2iq.com/dkp/v2.2.0/kommander-image-bundle-v2.2.0.tar.gz" | tar -xvf -
```

and     
```
wget "https://downloads.d2iq.com/dkp/v2.2.0/dkp-catalog-applications-image-bundle-v2.2.0.tar.gz" -O catalog-applications-image-bundle.tar.gz
```
to
```
wget "https://downloads.d2iq.com/dkp/v2.2.0/dkp-catalog-applications-image-bundle-v2.2.0.tar.gz" | tar -xvf -
```
